[Music]
how about i make your memory stronger
boost your brain power and frustrate you
a little all within 10 minutes
up for my challenge then here you go a
session of amazingly tricky riddles
and as a bonus you can check how well
you did at the end of the video
number one a hotel manager clara was in
her hotel room
when she heard someone knock on her door
she looked through the peephole
and saw an unknown man standing outside
he introduced himself hi i'm the hotel
manager
sorry to bother you but our database has
crashed
could you let me in to confirm some
information clara
immediately rushed to her phone and
called hotel security
you have only 10 seconds to figure out
why
the badge on the man's chest said chloe
smith
and that's a female name she knew the
man was a fake manager
number two a dangerous marathon
once there was a marathon in the city
the sponsors of this marathon provided
the runners and staff with water and
other drinks
however soon some people started to feel
unwell
and were even rushed to the hospital
doctors found out that they had been
poisoned
but then how come the rest of the
participants felt okay
you have only 10 seconds to figure out
the answer to this mystery
the poison was on the bottle's necks
that's why
only those who touch the bottles with
their lips while drinking were poisoned
number three a problem in the city
one city was having a rough patch its
hospitals schools hotels and public
transport
were functioning because of a strike
that had already lasted for several
months
one night someone attacked the mayor of
the city
the man was rushed to a private clinic
and the police arrested
three suspects brandon stated that he
had been walking along the street
when he heard someone scream but it was
too dark and he couldn't see anything
john confirmed that he had heard a call
for help as well
but he was too scared to check it out as
for dylan
he claimed that he had been waiting for
a bus at the bus stop
and hadn't heard anything who attacked
the mayor
it was dylan he couldn't have been
waiting for a bus
since they hadn't been running for
several months because of the strike
number four a kidnapped neighbor
sophia disappeared from her house the
police knew she'd been kidnapped
because of a note they found in the
living room detective peterson
who came to investigate the case decided
to question her neighbors
anthony told the police that he'd worked
the night shift
that's why when he came home he went
straight to bed
and was woken up by the detective ryan
explained that he'd planned to organize
a barbecue for all the neighbors
but had to cancel it because of the rain
lauren said that she'd been downtown
doing some shopping and had just come
home and alyssa claimed that she
came home just a few hours before as
well
she said she had been driving for a long
time and
thus had fallen asleep right away the
detective immediately realized who the
liar was
have you figured it out
[Music]
alyssa lied if it was raining all day
long
there would have been puddles under her
car as well
5. a sly thief
once a famous thief was caught and
brought to the king to be punished
but the king was in a good mood and
allowed the thief to choose the way he
would lose his life
but when the thief told the ruler about
his choice
the king let the man go you have 10
seconds to work out what the thief told
the king
he chose to pass away of old age
6. the wrong baby emily gave birth to a
girl
and she was very happy but when a nurse
brought emily her baby the next day
the young woman immediately understood
that it wasn't her daughter
how did she know
[Music]
because the baby was a boy
7. a desperate situation
you wake up locked in an unfamiliar room
near the sofa you're lying on there's a
suspicious bundle with a timer
all of a sudden you hear a voice coming
from a loudspeaker
this explosive will go off in five
minutes
you have to find your way out of this
room before it happens
you look around and notice three doors
behind the first door
there's a huge menacing monster the
second door hides a fire that's 2 000
degrees fahrenheit
and if you open the third door you'll
let out paralyzing gas
you have only 10 seconds to figure out
your course of action
[Music]
open the first door and throw the
explosives inside
then close the door the monster won't
survive the explosion and you'll be able
to escape
through this door eight a match equation
you're allowed to add just two matches
to make this equation true
can you manage it in 10 seconds
here you go now you have nine minus nine
equals zero which is undoubtedly correct
nine a dating psych mystery
james and anna had been married for ten
years before they decided to get a
divorce
both of them already had new partners
they'd found on a dating site
and they were sure that their virtual
relationships were better than the real
life ones
james was happy that he had common
interests with his internet girlfriend
and anna was delighted with how her new
boyfriend understood her so perfectly
one day both james and anna decided to
meet their ideal partners in real life
however after this meeting the couple
changed their mind about the upcoming
divorce
can you figure out why
it turned out that they were having an
online affair with each other
so if you like pina coladas and getting
caught in the rain
well you know the rest number 10
smart friends once robert was having a
party
he invited 10 friends and they were
having a great time
robert decided to have even more fun and
suggested a bet
i'll pay each of you ten dollars if you
manage to sit without touching the floor
furniture or any other object
but if you can't do it each of you will
pay me ten dollars
surprisingly his friends agreed to the
bet and soon after that
robert had to pay each of them ten
dollars
you have 10 seconds to prove how the
friends fulfilled robert's requirements
everyone sat on each other's lap in a
circle
this way no one was touching the floor
or any furniture
number 11 the equation
and now let's see how rusty your math
skills are
what can you do so that this equation
makes sense
you have 10 seconds to figure it out
and if that's how your answer looks
congrats
you've just proved your competence in
mathematics
12. a mysterious object
when you see everything you don't see it
but when you see nothing
you see it what is it 10 seconds for you
to find the answer
[Music]
it is darkness 13.
at a crossroads you're wandering through
the forest
trying to find the way to a bus station
suddenly you meet a man who tells you
that
soon you'll see a crossroads there will
be a post with several signs
the right one will lie while the left
one will tell the truth
and indeed a bit later you see this post
the right sign on it says to the bus
station and the left one reads
to the forest you have 10 seconds to
figure
out where the station is
if the right sign lies and the left sign
will lead you back to the forest
go straight and you'll get to the
station
14. a life-changing answer
a criminal catches you when you're
walking through the park
when you wake up you find yourself in a
dark basement
illuminated by 15 burning candles
i'll set you free if you solve my riddle
correctly
but if not you won't ever leave this
place the same criminal says
you see 15 candles i'm blowing out six
of them
how many candles will remain what's your
answer going to be
if you tell the criminal that six
candles will remain he'll let you go
after all the rest of the candles will
eventually melt away completely
all but the six which have been blown
out i think this is one of the very few
times
where if you blow it you win
so i guess we've reached the most
important part of the video
my narration now your results and if
your result is
zero to three cracked riddles you
haven't managed to get to the podium yet
but don't give up you have a chance to
do it next time
if you solve four to seven riddles your
bronze medal is ready for you
with some more practice you'll become
amazing at cracking tricky puzzles
for 8 to 11 solved riddles you take the
silver
you must be a professional in this
riddle cracking business
have you got 12 to 14 points no really
wow then this gold medal rightfully
belongs to you
i guess there's nothing to say here
except keep it up
hey if you learned something new today
then give the video a like and share it
with a friend
and here are some other videos i think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life